Clean up readme and install docs (#5287)
plone/volto: docs/source/backend/index.md

These are the backend `BrowserView`s routes that retrieve images and file resources.
Thus the Node.js Express server takes care of proxying and enhancing them at the same time as the authentication headers.

## Alternative backends

Volto can also be used with other backend systems if they provide an API that is compatible with `plone.restapi`.

[Nick](https://nickcms.org/) is a headless CMS built with Node.js that supports Volto as a frontend.

> [Guillotina](https://guillotina.io/) is a resource management system built with Python, inspired by Plone and using the same basic concepts like traversal, content types, and permissions model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Guillotina](https://guillotina.io/) is a resource management system built with Python.
It was inspired by Plone, using its same basic concepts, such as traversal, content types, and its permissions model.
```

> There is also a [Volto Node.js-based backend reference](https://github.com/plone/volto-reference-backend) API implementation that demonstrates how other systems could also use Volto to display and create content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also a [Volto Node.js-based backend reference](https://github.com/plone/volto-reference-backend) API implementation that demonstrates how other systems could also use Volto to display and create content through it.
```

> through it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
